[water burbling]
[Ritsu] Wow!
Feels neat!
Hey, do you think
I'll be able to do this, too?
Mm-hmm! Of course. After all,
you're my little brother!
[gasps, sighs]
-[water running]
-[Ritsu gulps]
-[sighs]
-[gasps]
[Ritsu] Hee! Hoo! Ha!
[grunts]
["99" playing]
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Six, seven, eight, nine, ten ♪
♪ Eleven, twelve, thirteen
Fourteen, fifteen ♪
♪ Sixteen, seventeen
Eighteen, nineteen, twenty ♪
♪ Twenty-one, twenty-two
Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Twenty-six, twenty-seven
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-one, thirty-two
Thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-six, thirty-seven
Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Mob, Mob, what do you want? ♪
♪ Mob, Mob, why do you want?
Mob, Mob ♪
♪ Who do you want?
Move, move, just like Mob! ♪
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Your life is your own, okay? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Eighty-one, eighty-two
Eighty-three, eighty-four ♪
♪ Eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven
Eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety ♪
♪ Ninety-one, ninety-two
Ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five ♪
♪ Ninety-six, ninety-seven
Ninety-eight, ninety-nine! ♪
[song concludes]
DISCORD
~TO BECOME ONE~
[crow cawing]
[Reigen] Everything's ready.
We will now begin the séance.
CLIENT: HITOSHI
[gulps]
-[Reigen grunts, sighs]
-[Hitoshi yelps]
[tense music playing]
Hey, tell me, is that you, Dad?
Do you know who I am?
[imitating old man] Oh… Oh! Hitoshi!
I never thought the day would come
when I would have the chance
to see your face again, my son.
-Oh, Dad.
-[mystical music playing]
[Hitoshi] One thing, when did you learn
to speak English so well?
Click! Loggin' out for a sec.
-[quirky music playing]
-Huh?
[Reigen] Sorry, It doesn't seem
like I'm getting a very good signal.
-Were you satisfied, though?
-Of course not!
Please, call him back this instant!
[Reigen chuckles] Whoa! Calm down, buddy!
It takes a lot of concentration
to head up a séance.
By the way, where is your father from?
He wasn't local?
No, he was from New Jersey in America.
[Reigen] Foreign languages
are automatically translated.
[gasping] Oh!
It's an advanced technique
that does something-or-other
to the wavelength
of the spirit's languages
and is hard to master.
But don't worry,
there will not be an additional fee.
Amazing! But my English isn't bad.
I'm pretty fluent.
-Now, then.
-[Hitoshi sighs]
[imitating old man] Oh! Hey, Hitoshi!
How have things been goin'?
Kinda weird, but, whatever. [sniffs]
Hey, Dad. Ya know when I was young?
You and I used to play ball together.
And we did that one thing
that was popular on TV back then!
Would you do it for me one last time?
[quirky music continues]
[Hitoshi] Dad?
Uh, what the heck was that?
That was the Cheeseburger Tornado,
the main character's special move
in Junk Food Fighter Michael,
the super popular show at the time.
-[Hitoshi] Wait. Dad, what are you talk--
-Get to the point, Hitoshi.
[Reigen] I've come all the way
from the other side.
What do you want?
Well, I… [grunts]
Aw, screw it!
You were never nice to me, anyway, Dad!
Cough up the password to the hidden safe,
you stupid old man!
I know there's a fortune in there!
You're dead so you don't need it!
-[tense music playing]
-Uh, let me see…
I believe the password was my birthday.
Don't give me that birthday crap!
It's thirteen letters of the alphabet!
With that kind of money,
I'll have enough cash
for the rest of my life!
Oh! Wait a second, now I remember!
The password is…
-get a job you good for nothing bum!
-[Hitoshi groans]
[narrator] Like the Junk Food Fighter,
this is one of Reigen's special moves.
Using his body like a spring,
he smashes his fist
into his opponent's face
with a powerful spin.
-[Hitoshi yelps, groans]
-Crap! I went too far!
The client's consciousness logged out!
What happened?
Did you just take him down?
[Reigen] Yeah,
but it was all in self-defense.
Self-defense, huh?
-[Reigen] Yep. Hey, you look kinda pale.
-[gulps]
[Mob] If it's in self-defense,
is it okay to shave off someone's hair,
rip off their clothes,
destroy their pride,
make them lose their friends,
and completely demolish
the school they go to?
[pensive music playing]
[Reigen] I think that's going
a bit beyond self-defense.
There are some times
when my psychic powers go outta control.
And it always seems to happen
when I'm unconscious.
I don't want these powers anymore.
It's too much.
If nothing else,
I think they're quite useful.
The way you use them
when you work as my apprentice?
So many clients have been
helped with those powers.
So don't just focus on the negatives.
It's all about
how you use those knives, right?
Don't suppress yourself.
You hold the keys, here.
Maximize your potential.
You do that,
and you're gonna be just fine, Mob.
-[Mob sighs]
-[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
Huh? The shadow leader system? Seriously?
Yeah. I completely lost
to that shadow leader named Hanazawa,
but the guy who bested him
is from Salt Middle School.
[Salt gang member] No way!
Someone that strong?
Yeah. I'm gonna find him
and make him our shadow leader.
It was you, wasn't it?
You caused the supernatural
stuff at Black Vinegar.
-[intriguing music playing]
-Uh, well, I--
[Mezato] You're basically the only person
who could do something like that.
But according to the rumors,
a kid who goes there
can throw people around
just as easily as you do.
Who knows?
Maybe that means he's an esper, too.
You guys met up at Black Vinegar
and fought, didn't you?
That's it, right? You two had
a psychic-telekinetic battle!
[Tome] Twitch, twitch.
-You don't wanna talk about it?
-Um…
That's enough for today, then.
But someday soon,
you're definitely gonna tell me
all I wanna know.
[door closes]
[sighs]
-No way!
-[Mob gasps]
[Tome] That wasn't the work of aliens?
And that aside,
are there really espers
around here other than yourself?
-Yes, there are.
-[gasps]
-[Tome chuckles] And you can find them.
-[upbeat music playing]
But he's the only other one I've ever met.
[Tome] That's strange.
What about your master?
Ah…
Well, actually, I don't sense
anything from my master.
But that's 'cause
his powers aren't psychic.
-[buzzer]
-[Mob] They're spiritual.
-[chime]
-[Tome] What kind of rule is that?
Well, whatever.
Let's go on a date after this.
[Mob] Huh?
-[wondrous music plays]
-We'll find other telepathic people!
Then take our first step towards
connecting with life forms in outer space!
Think about it!
But, remember?
-[music fades]
-I'm not in the Telepathy Club.
Black Vinegar Middle
School's shadow leader?
Yeah, I lost to him.
That guy had some seriously nice muscles.
[grunts] Then who was it that beat him?
It was someone
from the Body Improvement Club, right?
He's a gentleman who usually has
quite a distaste for violence.
[firmly] Do not involve him in this.
Be gone.
[grunts] Damn that Musashi. Huh?
-Hey…
-[gasps] Um, yes?
You were picked on by the guys
from Black Vinegar Middle
School last week, right?
Well, that was all my fault.
Sorry, okay?
-Huh? What do you--
-I apologized! Just leave it at that!
I'm sorry, Kageyama.
Tenga's kind of a dummy.
He can't explain things--
-[Onigawara] Shut up! Stupid idiot!
-[Yamazaki groans]
[Onigawara] I'm the one talking to him,
so just stay out of it!
-[tense music playing]
-[Tokugawa] Well, then…
It appears that will be
all the student council's
activities for this month.
Is that all right, President Kamuro?
[Kamuro] I'm glad you asked.
It's not bad for a start.
STUDENT COUNCIL PRESIDENT:
SHINJI KAMURO
But I think we need
something with a bit more impact.
-Right, first-year Kageyama?
-[gasps]
You rank as one
of the smartest in the nation,
so I want to hear your opinion.
[Ritsu] Well…
In our school, there are a few students
who would be classified as delinquents.
If the student council
could find a way to reprimand them,
I think we'd be able to create
a more peaceful school environment.
That sounds nice. A more peaceful school.
Yes. Let's do that.
DISCIPLINING DELINQUENTS
[Ritsu] I have to make it
a more comfortable place for my brother.
[Mitsuura] Kageyama, I presume?
Thank goodness.
Guess there was a point
in waiting around after all.
Let me present my credentials.
[Ritsu] Awakening Lab?
[Mitsuura] So, what do you think?
Why not give it a try?
This is an opportunity
to amplify your psychic powers
at my research facility!
[Ritsu] Sounds like he's got
me confused with my brother.
-Ah! Tome, take a look-- [grunts]
-What is it? Another esper?
[Mob] No, I just thought this guy
had a really unique hairstyle.
Oh, wow! You're so right.
[steam hissing]
-Stop fooling around already.
-[Mob] But… I was being serious.
[cars honking in distance]
[Tokugawa] Oh, it's you, Kageyama.
Ah, Vice President Tokugawa.
[Tokugawa] Loitering, huh?
I guess even people like you
feel like doing that from time to time.
Like me?
I'm just an average middle school student
you can find anywhere.
A totally simple and normal guy.
If you ask me,
you won't find a totally simple
and normal middle schooler
anywhere on this planet.
But, for whatever reason,
you want to be one
and are still trying to act out the part.
I'm not really sure
I understand what you're saying.
[Tokugawa] Despite having abilities
that would always make you
the center of attention,
you consistently seem
to play the minor role
and let others take the spotlight.
[pedestrian signal chimes]
[Tokugawa] Stop acting like your brother.
[chiming continues]
-[breathes shakily]
-[chiming quickens, fades]
[ominous music playing]
[Ritsu grunts]
Hey, Captain! Kageyama's down!
[gasps] No, I'm fine.
Nice drive!
I think you're starting
to build up some stamina!
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[musical beeping and chiming]
-[cars honking]
-Awakening Lab. This place?
It's just an apartment complex--
-Kageyama, you're here!
-[Ritsu gasps]
-[Mitsuura] I'm so glad you showed up!
-[yelping]
There's no research facility here.
You lied to me!
[Mitsuura] Now, now, just come in.
FORTRESS SEASONING
-[intriguing music playing]
-[Mitsuura] Welcome!
[Mitsuura] I call it the Awakening Lab!
[Ritsu] What is this place?
[Mitsuura] I bought
an apartment complex and remodeled it.
I've hired the front-runners in the fields
of neuroscience and engineering,
-and we do research here.
-[equipment beeping]
On the floor above us,
all of the other esper kids are gathered.
Did you say others?
[chuckles]
Yeah, other people, just like you.
[Ritsu grumbles quietly]
-Look there.
-[Tome] Hmm?
Is it another weird haircut?
[Mob] That's an adult esper.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Mob] What is this feeling coming over me?
-It's kind of sickening.
-[cars honking]
-Sorry, Tome. I was wrong again.
-Hey, Mob. Take a look!
Isn't that hairstyle super weird?
[Mitsuura] Allow me to introduce them!
Standing before you
is a group of real espers
that the Mitsuura Group
worked hard to bring together!
-First is Takeshi Hoshino!
-[scoffs]
-[quirky upbeat music playing]
-[grunts]
Step back, I'm going all out!
He's psychokinetic!
[Ritsu] That's amazing?
[Mitsuura] Next, we have Rei Kurosaki.
Her powers of clairvoyance allow her
to pick the one correct card out of ten!
Her efficiency rate is a staggering 62%!
Yay! I was right again!
-[laughs]
-[Ritsu] Wait, that's it?
[Mitsuura] Next, we have Go Asahi.
Behold, my flames of fury! Ignite!
Huh? [grunts] Ignite! Ignite!
Ig-- There we go! Oh, it went out.
-He uses pyrokinesis.
-[Ritsu] Less useful than a cheap lighter.
[Mitsuura] And here are
the Shiratori brothers, Daichi and Kaito.
They're telepaths who can use their power
to communicate with each other,
even when they're apart.
[Ritsu] And less useful than email.
[Mitsuura] This is Shigeo Kageyama.
-Now be nice to him, everyone.
-It's a pleasure.
-Nice to meet you.
-Tell me.
Has Mitsuura helped you at all?
Oh, well, yeah,
what kind of question is that?
[Takeshi] Absolutely.
He's been good to us.
And he's really fascinated
with psychic powers.
Huh?
-[echoing applause]
-Though I'm wealthy,
it's just family money,
I did nothing to earn it.
I'm nothing special.
I don't believe in doing anything
to make big advancements
in society or science.
I just want to become an esper myself,
so I funded this research facility
to see if I could make it happen.
That's the reason!
[Ritsu] It's a childish pipe dream,
but if he's able to achieve that goal,
I'd be interested.
I've always wanted to know
if there's power within me.
[Kamuro's mom] Well, you're
finally home, Shinji.
Student council again, huh?
Make sure you don't fool around too much.
[gasps]
My brother was the student council
president too, remember?
[Kamuro's mom] But, unlike you,
Takuya was also good in his studies.
-[mysterious music playing]
-[Takuya] Exactly, Mom.
[Takuya] I'm embarrassed, Shinji.
You haven't even hit
a test score of 70 yet!
Are you really my younger brother?
You have no talent at all.
So you became the student
council president, right?
You should have plenty of time to study.
How much are you going
to disappoint Mom and Dad, anyway?
Elites like--
[sighs]
-[Mob] Ah…
-[wobbly boing]
[Mrs. Kageyama] Ugh, you really need
to fix that annoying habit of yours.
-[Mob] But it just bends on its own.
-[spoon clinks]
-[chuckles] My farts bend things, too!
-Oh, come on!
Stop that! We're eating dinner!
Shige, you should really
try to be more like Ritsu.
[Mob] Yeah, I know.
Ritsu doesn't do any weird stuff like me.
And he's super talented.
[birds chirping]
[door opens]
Kageyama. Good morning.
-[mysterious music playing]
-President, what's going on, exactly?
And why did you wanna
meet me here so early?
[Kamuro] See this?
It's a girl's recorder bag.
And what would
you presume is inside of it?
[Ritsu] A girl's recorder, I guess?
-That's correct.
-Okay.
-[Kamuro] She won't be needing this.
-Uh…
President, what do you think you're doing?
[Kamuro] The answer's simple.
Why, a little spring cleaning, of course.
-Spring cleaning?
-You said it yourself, didn't you?
There are trashy students here
who're classified as delinquents.
The student council needs
to get rid of them.
[Ritsu] Hey, hold on!
I never said anything that extreme.
-Don't twist my words around--
-[Kamuro] What do we have here, Kageyama?
I believe it's the desk
of our school's biggest piece of trash,
Onigawara, the thug delinquent.
[gasps] Are you serious, President?
Why would an elite like
you ever stoop to that?
[Kamuro] An elite, you say?
That's just an imaginary persona
I was labeled with
somewhere along the way.
You've realized it, too, haven't you?
That the praise others lavish upon you
doesn't actually fit who you really are.
[gasps]
[Kamuro] Come on. Help me, Kageyama.
[breathes shakily]
You got another perfect score
on your test?
-Good job!
-[Ritsu] I… I'm…
Ritsu doesn't do any weird stuff like me.
And he's super talented.
-Stop acting like your brother.
-[grunts]
[Ritsu] Even I…
[young Ritsu] Hey, do you think
I'll be able to do this, too?
-[young Mob] Mm-hmm.
-[gasps]
Of course! After all,
you're my little brother!
-[young Ritsu] Really? Yay! I can't wait!
-[breathes shakily]
[music fades]
[footsteps approaching]
[girl] Huh?
[panting]
[Musashi] All right,
we made it to our goal.
You got some good muscles
on you, Onigawara.
[pants] Damn it.
You called me out here super early,
so I thought
you were finally gonna tell me
who the shadow leader is!
-Hmm. Remember this pain.
-[Onigawara panting]
You may feel wrecked now,
but you'll feel amazing later.
The one you're looking for
is in the same state as you.
He's fighting with himself.
So you should change
in the same way he's hoping to.
[gasps, laughs] All right, fine!
-[electric guitar strings play]
-[Onigawara] Bring it on, dude!
-[boy 1] Something weird happened!
-[boy 2] Whoa, that's creepy!
[indistinct clamor]
We're so grossed out,
how are we supposed
to stay in class with that?
-Now, now, please calm down.
-[students murmuring]
I promise,
the student council will find the culprit
and put a stop to all of this.
[whispering] Now's the time
to open up Onigawara's desk.
We'll have to inspect
everyone's belongings.
If they get caught like this,
they must be pretty stupid.
[loud slam]
[panting] Oh, the teacher's not here yet?
I was about to ruin my record
of never being late or absent.
What's the matter, Onigawara?
You seem out of breath.
Huh? What's Kamuro doing here?
What's going on anyway?
Did something happen?
-[objects clattering]
-[Ritsu] I found them.
-[tense music playing]
-They were all inside Onigawara's desk.
Huh? Who are you?
-Why are you going through my stuff?
-It was you! Don't deny it!
Deny what? What are you talking--
-Pervert.
-[grunts]
[shouting] Who the hell just said that?
What is this?
Wanna tell me exactly
what you found in my desk?
Every one of the girls'
missing recorder pieces
all stashed away in your desk drawer.
You were going to lick them
to get your sick kicks
when no one was looking!
You're a pervert, Onigawara!
[Onigawara] What?
Kamuro, don't make me punch you!
There's still time to redeem yourself!
Apologize!
[Onigawara hesitating]
Seriously, what kind
of sicko crap is this?
Do I really look like someone
who'd do something like that?
You're violent with other people
and act like a low-life thug.
That's reason enough
for anyone not to trust you.
[hesitates] Now just hold on a minute!
It wasn't me, I tell ya!
Look, if I really wanted
to lick those things,
I'd take them out of the school!
Only a complete idiot would
leave them in his desk.
Well, you are a complete idiot…
Stop trying to pin
this crap on me, Kamuro.
I didn't do it!
[Ritsu] There were some in his bag, too.
Take a look. Guess he did take
a few of them out of school.
My school bag.
I left it wide open in my locker.
[Kamuro] Nice, Kageyama!
You even put some in his bag!
You're into this.
You bastard!
Stop snooping around in my bag!
[Ritsu] Violence, huh?
-[boy 1] Let him go.
-[girl 1] Poor Kageyama!
[boy 2] So violent!
-[boy 3] It's Tenga the Recorder Licker!
-[girl 2] You pervert!
[students chanting]
Pervert! Pervert! Pervert!
-[Onigawara grunts]
-[chanting continues]
Screw you guys! All of you!
Run, everyone! The perv's lost his temper!
-[indistinct clamor]
-[all chanting] Pervert! Pervert! Pervert!
[chanting continues]
-[Onigawara] No! No! I didn't do it!
-[chanting echoing]
[Onigawara] Isn't… isn't there anybody
who'll take my side?
-[Mariko] Guess what?
-[gasps]
[Mariko] One day, we're
gonna get married, Tenga!
[gasps] That'll never happen!
Don't be stupid!
-[sorrowful music playing]
-[Onigawara] That's right. Mariko!
You believe me.
Don't you? Say something!
-[dramatic music plays]
-So gross!
GROSS
[Onigawara whimpers]
[grunts, groans]
-[female voice] Oh, yeah!
-[yelps]
[screams]
[in deep voice]
Get away from me, you pervert!
-[Onigawara gasping]
-[narrator] On this day,
after two years
of hard work and dedication,
Tenga Onigawara's perfect
attendance record was finally broken.
[sorrowful music playing]
[Mitsuura] What's the matter?
Now, don't let it get you down.
I mean, everyone has
bad days now and then.
[Kamuro] Did you see his face, Kageyama?
He didn't even know
how to handle something
he couldn't fight his way out of!
He just stood there like an idiot!
[laughing] He's finished!
[continues laughing]
[music fades]
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
What happened to me? What am I doing?
[hesitates]
-[Ritsu] I'm going home.
-Huh?
[Ritsu] I don't actually
have psychic powers.
-[door opens, closes]
-Oh, come on--
Hey! Kageyama, wait!
[Reigen] Hey!
If it isn't Mob's little brother.
[Reigen] I see you're giving
me the cold shoulder, as usual.
So what are you wandering
around near my house for?
It's for a job.
I got a request to exorcise a creepy ghost
that's been showing up in this area.
-Ya wanna help me out with it?
-Don't waste your breath.
Unlike Shigeo, I don't have
any special psychic powers.
Really, are you sure?
I figured since
Mob's your older brother and all…
[Ritsu] You figured wrong.
Why don't you get rid
of that ghost yourself?
-Aren't you a psychic?
-[chuckles]
He quit by throwing a spoon
instead of a towel?
[laughs] He's got quite
the sense of humor,
I'll give him that much.
But, when it comes to talent,
he doesn't exactly seem blessed.
Actually, you might be wrong.
Take a look.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Ritsu] Hmm? What's that?
It's not a balloon. What is it?
["Refrain Boy" playing]
[song concludes]
[Reigen] Ritsu continues to go wild
by pairing up with Dimple.
And then the gang leader
alliance makes its move.
Meanwhile, some scary people
try to make Mob buy a vase.
Both brothers are in huge trouble!
Next time
on Mob Psycho 100, episode seven,
"Exaltation ~I've Obtained Loss~."
Illegal downloads? You're gonna be cursed.